TeamAlpha game plan:

We will have a three-minute flow for our game.

In order to prevent the player character's picture from overlapping with the boss picture, the screen will be divided into three parallel areas. In the first area, the player character appears, attacks, and dodges attacks. In the second area, smaller grunts and butterflies move, and the player character can move to this area as well. However, the third area is where Mid/Final Bosses appear and the player cannot move to this area. This design considers collision volume. There can be a gameplay bug if the trajectory of the enemy bullets fails to include the Boss's body (the player character can fly to the Boss's body without taking damage).

There are two modes of play: slow and fast, with fast mode being the default. Using the Shift key or any other key we find easier, the player can select slow mode, and a white dot will appear after the switch to indicate that the mode switch was successful. When switching back to fast mode, the same thing will happen. The slow mode only affects movement speed, not bullet firing speed.

First Time Period: 0:01-0:10

First of all, when the player-controlled character appears in the middle of the screen, we will give the player eight to ten seconds to react and skillfully operate, and there won't be any enemies on the screen at this time. The player is able to start firing bullets at the third or fifth second. During ten seconds, since there are no enemies, the player is free to start using the arrow keys to move in all eight directions. The game allows the player to use the keys "W, A, S, D, WA, WD, SA, SD" individually or in combination.

Second Time Period: 0:11-0:47

At the 11 second, two regular enemies will appear directly above you at the same time. They will appear in the third area, but move to the second area, firing bullets as they appear and begin to move. Smaller grunts' bullets move in two straight rows. This is the first wave of attacks.

After the two smaller grunts are eliminated (or by the 15th second), two new smaller grunts appear in different locations.

At 0:20, two small grunts appear in front of the player character, and two butterfly enemies enter the second area from the left and right directions, with the butterfly enemies flying at an angle (45°) so that their bullets make an "X" track. Butterfly enemies fly at an angle (45°) so that their bullets make an "X" trajectory.

By the 28 or 30 second, the player should have eliminated the previous enemies. At this point, four small grunts will appear above and a butterfly enemy will fly in from the left. At 0:40, a butterfly enemie will fly in from the right.

Third time period: 0:48-1:15

At 0:48, the Mid Boss appears in the third area. Mid Boss attacks with five bullets side-by-side and shoots the player character from right-to-left or left-to-right. Mid Boss's bullets act like a ladder, and this attack lasts for 10 seconds. At 0:49, Mid Boss will show a "power-up" mark right in front of him, alerting the player to a "power-up" mark. At 0:49, Mid Boss will show a "Power Up" sign right in front of it, alerting the player, then Mid Boss's bullets turn into circles that spread, like at 9:28-9:36 of this video. 
Video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h-wr6LoETA0
At 1:13, Mid Boss's attack ends, the Boss is destroyed and disappears from the screen. This process takes 2 seconds and the Mid Boss fight ends at 1:15.

Fourth time period: 1:16-1:31
This is the transition phase, where the main enemies are butterfly enemies. There are four butterfly enemies in total, the first of which flies from the left to the right, the second from the right to the left, the third from the left to the right, and the fourth from the right to the left. Then all four of them reappear at the same time, and fly towards the player character in an arrangement of two from the left and two from the right, shooting at the same time as they fly.

Final Boss:
    Attack method 1:
The boss targets the player and takes the player as the center of the circle. Within this range, 5 small spherical bullets are randomly generated. The bullets will display their positions for 1 second and the bullets will exist for 1 second. If the player comes into contact with the bullet after this, they will take damage.

    Attack method 2:
The boss shoots a large spherical bullet that moves slowly toward the player. When the bullet approaches a certain   distance from the player, it splits. The spherical bullet will split into 4 smaller spherical bullets and move toward the player's position 0.5 seconds ago at a faster speed.

    Attack method 3:
The boss fires a vertical laser that falls from the screen. The laser will follow the player's position and display its trajectory for 2 seconds before firing. After the trajectory is displayed, the laser's position will no longer be locked to the player.

    Attack method 4:
The boss uses lasers to divide the screen into six equal (2x3) blocks. Players will not be harmed when they come into contact with the lasers, but will be slowed down for three seconds. The laser will be present for 5 seconds.

Additional information:
The player's HP is 10, shown as 10 hearts (or some other icon), which means that the player can withstand ten attacks, and the game fails after being hit ten times by bullets. Mid Bosses have 100 HP, and Final Bosses have 300 HP or more, as it needs to be taken into account that there are props to boost the player's attack power later in the game's development. Logic of action of enemy, especially how they are going to exit the stage due to times up, need to be updated. They are now directly eliminated if times up.
For the art, we like the pixel style with animals. 
